docs: add jina ai cloud restructure jcloud and hub (#5298)
jina-ai/jina: docs/jina-ai-cloud/login.md

> # Login & Token Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Login and Token Management
```

> To use Jina AI Cloud, you need to log in, either via a GitHub or Google account. This section describes how to log in Jina AI Cloud and manage the personal access token. You can do it via webpage, via CLI or via Python API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Jina AI Cloud, you need to log in, using your email address or a GitHub or Google account. This section describes how to log in to Jina AI Cloud and manage personal access tokens. You can do this via web page, CLI or Python API.
```

> ## via Webpage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Via web page
```

Visit [https://jina.ai](https://jina.ai) and click on the "login" button.

### Login

```{figure} login-1.png
```

> After log in you can see your name and avatar in the top-right corner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in you can see your name and avatar in the top-right corner. 
```

```{figure} login-2.png
```

> ### Token Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Token management
```

> You can follow the GUI to create/delete personal access tokens for your Jina applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the GUI to create or delete personal access tokens for your Jina applications.
```

```{figure} pat.png
```

To use a token, set it as the environment variable `JINA_AUTH_TOKEN`.

> ## via CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Via CLI
```

### Login

```shell
jina auth login
```

> This will open browser automatically and login via 3rd party. Token will be saved locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open your browser automatically and login via third party. Your token will be saved locally.
```
What does third party mean here? Third party authentication?

### Logout

> If there is a valid token locally, this will disable that token and remove it from local config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a valid token locally, logging out disables the token and removes it from your local configuration.
```

```shell
jina auth logout
```

> ### Token Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Token management
```

> #### Create a new PAT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a new access token
```

```shell
jina auth token create <name of PAT> -e <expiration days>
```

To use a token, set it as the environment variable `JINA_AUTH_TOKEN`.

> #### List PATs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### List access tokens
```

```shell
jina auth token list
```

> #### Delete PAT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Delete access tokens
```

```shell
jina auth token delete <name of PAT>
```

> ## via Python API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Via Python API
```

> Installed along with Jina, you can leverage the `hubble` package to manage login from Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hubble` package (installed with Jina) manages logins from Python.
```

### Login

```python
import hubble

# Open browser automatically and login via 3rd party.
# Token will be saved locally.
hubble.login()
```

#### Login from Jupyter notebook/Google Colab

```python
import hubble

# Use Personal Access Token or browser to login.
# Token will be saved locally.
hubble.notebook_login()
```

### Check login status

```python
import hubble

if hubble.is_logged_in():
    print('yeah')
else:
    print('no')
```

### Get a personal access token

> Notice that the token you got from this function is always valid. If the token is invalid or expired, the result is `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the token you get from this function is always valid. If the token is invalid or expired, the function returns `None`.
```

```python
import hubble

hubble.get_token()
```

> If you are using inside an interactive environment, i.e. user can input via stdin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Jina in an interactive environment, users can input via stdin:
```

```python
import hubble

hubble.get_token(interactive=True)
```

> Mark a function as login required,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark a function as login required:
```

```python
import hubble

@hubble.login_required
def foo():
    pass
```

### Logout

```python
import hubble

# If there is a valid token locally,

> # this will disable that token and remove it from local config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# this disables that token and removes it from local config.
```

hubble.logout()
```

> ### Token Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Token management
```

> After calling `hubble.login()`, you can use the client with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calling `hubble.login()`, you can use the client:
```

```python
import hubble

client = hubble.Client(max_retries=None, jsonify=True)
# Get current user information.
response = client.get_user_info()

> # Create a new personally access token for longer expiration period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a new personal access token for longer expiration period.
```

response = client.create_personal_access_token(name='my-pat', expiration_days=30)
# Query all personal access tokens.
response = client.list_personal_access_tokens()
```

> ### Artifact Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Artifact management
```

```python
import hubble
import io

client = hubble.Client(max_retries=None, jsonify=True)

# Upload artifact to Hubble Artifact Storage by providing path.
response = client.upload_artifact(f='~/Documents/my-model.onnx', is_public=False)

# Upload artifact to Hubble Artifact Storage by providing `io.BytesIO`
response = client.upload_artifact(
    f=io.BytesIO(b"some initial binary data: \x00\x01"), is_public=False
)

# Get current artifact information.
response = client.get_artifact_info(id='my-artifact-id')

# Download artifact to local directory.
response = client.download_artifact(id='my-artifact-id', f='my-local-filepath')
# Download artifact as an io.BytesIO object
response = client.download_artifact(id='my-artifact-id', f=io.BytesIO())

# Get list of artifacts.
response = client.list_artifacts(filter={'metaData.foo': 'bar'}, sort={'type': -1})

# Delete the artifact.
response = client.delete_artifact(id='my-artifact-id')
```

> ### Error Handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error handling
```
